Update 4.4.0 release notes (#5908)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/release-notes/release-4-4-0.rst

- IPv6 support for the enrollment process and the agent-manager connection
- Vulnerability detection support for SUSE agents
- Support for Alpine Linux distribution

> - Wazuh indexer and dashboard based on the OpenSearch 2.4.1 version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wazuh indexer and dashboard are now based on OpenSearch 2.4.1 version
```
